Looking at the keyword “parasite”, a living creature started to come into being in my mind. It may be something crawling on the surface of a webpage and feeding on various HTML elements as its nutrients. Its growth should be visualized. Then, inspired by one of Chino Kim’s works, I came up with the idea of a greedy snake (its technical viability remains to be seen).

After a click, there comes a popup window with a “start” button, in the meanwhile the webpage freezes, which is realized by deleting all the elements below viewport and styling body {override: hidden}. Clicking the button, a rectangle div representing the snake will be generated, as well as four buttons on the web page for direction control. Everytime the snake runs into an element, it “eats” the element, grows up a little and keeps moving forward. For example, if one end of the div collides with an element, the element gets hidden and the length of the div will increase by pixels (again, not sure if it works). 
In this era, the world is surrounded by information, mostly redundant, whether good or bad. Why not let the parasite get rid of it? Or we are just like the parasite, consuming all the information that comes to us, whether useful or not?

Another proposal we think of is the web miner. This is a web-based game that mimics the game Gold Miner, and some level of usefulness is added. The users can control the plier just as how it is in the game, and grab any element they like on the web: mostly images, links and texts. The element grabbed would disappear on the web. The content would then be stored in the content page, and the users can download them at the pop-up window.

The message is simple: Grabbing things from the website can be seen as mining gold. The act of browsing can be playful, but that means the sacrifice of efficiency and accuracy. This is a challenge for users to jump outside the usual browsing experience and tackle upon the mixture of “useful” content searching behavior and “useless” game setting.